README.md, before:

# TicTacToe

Traditional Tic Tac Toe game implented in Ruby

## Built With
​
Ruby 2.6.5
​
## Getting Started

​To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.​ 
Git clone https://github.com/epinczinger/TicTacToe

gem install colorize

## Commands

ruby main.rb

## Authors

👤 **Esteban Pinczinger**

- Github: [epinczinger](https://github.com/epinczinger)
- Twitter: [@epinczinger](https://twitter.com/epinczinger)
- Linkedin: [Esteban-Pinczinger](https://www.linkedin.com/in/esteban-pinczinger-busai-ab49a254/)

👤 **Giancarlo Dumani**

- Github: [gdumani](https://github.com/gdumani)
- Twitter: [@gdumani1](https://twitter.com/gdumani1)
- Linkedin: [Giancarlo-Dumani](https://www.linkedin.com/in/giancarlo-dumani-a7364a1a1/?originalSubdomain=cr)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

​- This project was part of Microverse's curriculum in Ruby learning program

## 📝 License

​This project has MIT license.

Commit message:

Minor update to README.md indicating gem requirements

README.md, after:

# TicTacToe

Traditional Tic Tac Toe game implented in Ruby

## Built With
​
Ruby 2.6.5
​
## Requirements

To display colors install the 'colorize' GEM

gem install colorize

## Getting Started

​To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.​ 
Git clone https://github.com/epinczinger/TicTacToe

## Commands

ruby main.rb

## Authors

👤 **Esteban Pinczinger**

- Github: [epinczinger](https://github.com/epinczinger)
- Twitter: [@epinczinger](https://twitter.com/epinczinger)
- Linkedin: [Esteban-Pinczinger](https://www.linkedin.com/in/esteban-pinczinger-busai-ab49a254/)

👤 **Giancarlo Dumani**

- Github: [gdumani](https://github.com/gdumani)
- Twitter: [@gdumani1](https://twitter.com/gdumani1)
- Linkedin: [Giancarlo-Dumani](https://www.linkedin.com/in/giancarlo-dumani-a7364a1a1/?originalSubdomain=cr)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

​- This project was part of Microverse's curriculum in Ruby learning program

## 📝 License

​This project has MIT license.
